# Case Study: Bellabeat

## BACKGROUND
Bellabeat, a 2013-founded high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products wants to analyze the usage of one of its products in order to gain insight into how people are already using their smart devices. Then, using this information, the company’s executives would like high-level recommendations for how these trends can inform Bellabeat's marketing strategy. The stakeholders believe that analyzing smart device fitness can help unlock new growth opportunities for the company; thus becoming a larger player in the global smart device market.

## DATA ANALYSIS PROCESS
**PHASE 1: ASK**
1. Identify the business task:
Bellabeat wants to run an analysis on how consumers are already using smart devices to provide a data-driven marketing strategy that will contribute to the company’s growth.
2. Consider key stakeholders:
The stakeholders are Urška Sršen (Bellabeat’s co-founder and Chief Creative Officer),  Sando Mur (Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder), as well as other team members of the marketing analytics team. 
3. The business task:
The business task is defined as identifying user patterns and trends of usage of their smart devices in order to gain insights that would later better orientate marketing decisions at Bellabeat. Guiding questions to answer include: *What are some trends in smart device usage?
How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy?*

**PHASE 2: PREPARE**
  
The data used in this analysis is the Fitbit Fitness Tracker Data made available by Mobius stored on Kaggle (last updated 2 years ago).The data contains personal fitness tracker from 30 fitbit users. Thirty Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits. These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. 

* ROCCC Analysis
  * Reliability : LOW – dataset was collected from 30 individuals whose gender is unknown.
  * Originality : LOW – third party data collect using Amazon Mechanical Turk.
  * Comprehensive : MEDIUM – dataset contains multiple observations on daily activity intensity, calories used, daily steps taken, daily sleep time and weight record.
  * Current : MEDIUM – data is more than six years old, but people's habits tend to not vary a great quantity over a few years
  * Cited : HIGH – data collector and source is well documented

**DATA SELECTION** - Since our focus is pattern recognition with the Fitbit tracker data, the analysis will be conducted using only the most comprehensive datasets: 
```
dailyActivity.csv
dailyCalories.csv
dailyIntensities.csv
dailySteps.csv
sleepDay.csv
weightLogInfo.csv
```
